Yes Hello is the point of garnet
About Hey 9 many is today
I think that I have been playing various replays of games until now
For here
From practice to practice in competition
I would like to send you the introductory part this time .
Hey there is a lot of permanent, but suddenly take 4 healers and Maoh this hoge
Practice
Also I think it is not recommended but I think also there better to
The reason is that the influence is still that other tactics and selfish The song is quite
I think there are a lot of hybrids who have failed for the first time in the actual battle, though
I think that there are similar tips and absolute tips
So there about
I would like to tell you more
Then I would like to introduce play with one eye
Let's go in and see
First of all , practice with the organization called Giant and Archer when you want 8 healers
Please give me
The healer suddenly makes sure that the recovery is no more than 8 resistance
Please try to put out little by little
Please do a Patsy Reside cut with Giant and Ann for the upper side.
By doing so, unity Archer Queen is flowing down, but by this
The
Oh , does it take this much time to walk the arrival staff ?
Please remember that as an experience
Make the archer plunge into the middle where it turns down
Yes Yeah a like this
At first it is 9th place princess
Wearing on the body where you say proceed in the direction that I thought that inadvertently take the dark elixir
Please
The other so different from the competition
And side cut firmly both the facility in giant Archer
I think it would be better to practice where you can go in the direction you want to go properly
Yes for the next replay, it will be replayed when it did not go well
Let's see
I put out the queen, put out the healer, and I cut the top side
There is no side cut
As the bottom side is scattered and the birds are far
It is a pattern'd end around on without change even to the color turned down
If it is already that way , then you have already opened the middle and rushed into the middle
Let's go
Healer without a problem because the tired eight-mer
Acha click us digs up in the
Body is also the recovery of the power to say I keep studying by this kind of play to that failure Netto
I think it is very good because it
The possibility of one star is very high if you make a mistake in the direction of 9
I think it's a risky tactic
The ability Tteyuu turn in the direction you want to turn Well of recovery way since put the firm only
I want to live
I would like to review the points so far
First one eye was again conflict you fart direction want to turn the winter
Please remember this
Then remember the amount healer recovered
Where this is that bought What happens when what the case multiplied by the letters healer was 4 body
Remember
I think that this is very important to know the pattern of failure in the end
Why did you fail then why did you go to the other side ?
I have died
If you don't remember it, it will end with a star 1 when you practice in a match
Because there is
Wow, please make sure to remember
Let's move on to the next step
Yes Yeah it is next
It is a pattern to advance without making a side cut
Take out the puncher quint and take out the healer and proceed in the direction you want to proceed without making a side cut
Let's practice to be able
First of all, the archer pile
Though this is
I'm leaving a little right
When I put it out from here, I broke two dark barracks, broke the query tank and broke the cannon.
It depends on the front
I'll destroy the last affair here, but this time only a little
Since the axis is shifted to the right
The queen then turns right
Queen after the facilities in and is it wall to walk to the right to the are out of the shaft on the right side
To go
Yeah it This Is
Precisely because where I'm now was the placement of the completely symmetrical
We put a little closer to the right-hand side
If it is not symmetrical, it may be difficult to move in the opposite direction
Please remember to practice, for example, and rush it through the jump to Birkin and Tomokai center
To do
Let's practice
This will be a face-to-face player
Try grab the image to rush in the middle of the Queen merges with the main force with the jump
Please give me
Well , I would like to review the points of the second step
In the direction you want to turn without one side cut
Practice to rotate
In this regard, it is not the point whether you can turn the pile without side cutting
Tteyuu Taka got it to the other side because of any facility in case you did not side cut
Please remember the place as an experience value
If you break this facility by doing so in practice
I think I can get a sense of not turning to this side
Next, please interact with the main unit and grab the image of jumping into the center by jumping
Please practice the steps so far
As for this practice, while practicing permanent Daihiro
I 'm raising a char crew so Darquer Xur will stop bang
Because there are many exercises forever
It is recommended by all means
I think it seems that you won't lose even if you go around 100 times
At this time I would like the end see you in a place like this
Next time , I would like to send you a practical version about perpetual features
Then thank you for watching bye bye